Fixes #3492 (#3603)
sunpy/sunpy: docs/guide/tour.rst

SunPy handles time series data, fundamental to the study of any real world
phenomenon, by creating a TimeSeries object. A timeseries consists of two parts;
times and measurements taken at those times. The data can either be in your

> current Python session, alternatively within a local or remote file.  In the code block that follows,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
current Python session, alternatively within a local or remote file. 
In the code block that follows,
```

> data is taken from a file containing samples from GOES satellite's X-ray Sensors (XRS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from a file containing samples from the GOES satellite's X-ray Sensors (XRS).
```

from a file containing samples from the GOES satellite's X-ray Sensors (XRS).

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Reference : `GOES XRS Homepage <https://www.swpc.noaa.gov/products/goes-x-ray-flux>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
